PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is very important to us. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully and let us know if you have any questions.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
We DO NOT collect, share, sell, send, store or use any personal information while you download or upgrade our products, expect the personal information that you submit when you email us, send an error report, participate in online surveys and other activities.

Only for the following purposes that we may use personal information submitted by you: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you¡¯ve participated in.


NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
Non-personal information refers to information that cannot relate to a specific individual, such as the device ID, operating system version, application usage frequency, memory size, e.t.c.

We may collect non-personal information from time to time to better understand users¡¯ needs, fix bugs, improve our products and user experience. The non-information we collect are installs, frequency of use, country, equipment and so on. And we will tell users what apps may kill our products and suggest users add products into White/Ignore lists.

If non-personal information is combined with personal information, this information will be treated as personal information.

PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take appropriate security measures to help safeguard your information from unauthorized access and disclosure.
We ask your permission before you grant our access to read content in your notification bar. We need this access to keep our app running, not to collect any personal information.

Please know that you're responsible for information you submit to other services (such as when submitting comments regarding our products). So please take necessary precautions when using other services to safeguard your personal information.

ADS
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website.
Ad networks may use cookies in our applications in order to improve the user's experience by serving relevant ads
Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your based on your visit to our site and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Ads Settings
Third party vendors may use the device's location in order to improve the quality of ads that are displayed to the user. Again, in cases like this, no information that can relate to a specific individual (or link an individual to a specific location) is being transmitted.

More information below:

How Google uses cookies
How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.



PRIVACY QUESTIONS
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us.